Which part of the fish body helps it to breathe?
How many planets are ther in the Solar system?
Which is the natural Satelite of Earth?
which is the largest land mammal?
Which part of the birdhelps it to fly?
How many bones are there in the human body?
What is the science of chemicals known as?
Who is known as "The father of Computer Science"?
What helps bats navigate around dark caves?
Which part of the body pumps blood?
Which of the following is not a carnivore?
Which of the following is not from the cat family?
Which of the states of matter is ice concerned to?
which of the followng is not the property of water?
How many baby teeth are there?
Which is the fastest animal of the world?
Which of these birds cant fly?
Where does the rain fall from?
Which bird is only found in Nepal?
Which is the most famous mountain peak in this region?
Which is the famous national park in EDR enlisted in world heritage list?
The rainfall in this development region is mainly during?
The eastern development region is maily famous for tea production in 
The major tribe reciting in Kathmandu valley is?
The oldest national park of Nepal and even enlisted in world heritage list?
Worlds tallest  statue of shiva is present in?
Enlighted figure of the world and founder of Buddhism was born in?
The central development region in nepali is pronounced as:
Who united the country into a single garland and his birthplace?
The largest national park of Nepal is ?
How may water spouts does the  famous muktinath temple has ?
 Find the odd one out
 Find the odd one out
 Bees create what sweet substance? 
 How many sides does a rectangle have?
 When you were 2 years old, your brother was half your age. You're 100 years now, how old is your brother?
 Which is the capital of USA?
 How many years make a millenium?
 What unit measures your height?
 Tom has 10 apples but Jerry steals 4 of them. If Popeye gifts him 2 and Tom gifts Olive 1, how many has he left?
 What is the full form of CDR?
 What is the full form of NTC?
 What unit would you choose to measure your mass?
 Who is known as the father of the nation?
 Who is the founder of facebook?
 Find the odd one out
 Twinkle twinkle little star,................... what you are ! Complete it
 How many days are there in a fortnight?
 Who painted Mona Lisa?
 The mountain range known as the "White Mountains" in Nepal is better known by what name in the western world?
Much of the places of kathmandu city has been rebuilt sincewhich natural disaster in 1934?
Which ocean forms a natural border of Nepal?
Which of these areas borders Nepal to the north?
What mountain is the tallest in Nepal and in the world?
 What country borders Nepal to the south?
 What is the name of the deepest gorge in the world,which is found in Nepal?
Nepal's mightiest river is the Kali Gandaki river. What does "Kali Gandaki" mean?
Pokhara, Nepal's second largest city, is on the banks of what lake?
What beast of burden can be found at high altitudes innNepal?
From which bordering region have refugees been pouring into Nepal for many years?
The district of Mustang is known for its abundant crop of which fruit?
I am a district in the Gandaki Zone where Prithvi Narayan Shah was born Which district am I?
I am the biggest zone in Nepal.Which zone am I?
 I am the most western zone in the whole of Nepal. . What zone am I?
The world's third highest mountain situated in Nepal is ?
What is the animal who helps people to carry so many things on the high paths of Nepal?
The main square in kathmandu, s by which it gets its name.
How many peaks above 8000 meters are there in Nepal? 
 The area of a circle of radius 7 meter is?
 The result of 4*4+4 is?
  Which one is a prime number?
 The mean of 1,2,3 and 4 is?
 The letter L in roman means ___ in number.
The modulus of -2.5 is?
Two fifth of 20 people are eating apple. how many are eating apple?
Two days is qual to __ hours?
A polygon with ten sides is called?
The solution of the equation 2x-8=0 is?
